hey maybe she comes ah you render I'm
Brett gold what's your name baby but he
be told my home without their so does
Jim fairy cheer my wife or 2003 how you
doing not too bad yourself good
elaborate a little if I interview what
how you doing that's an interview know
just how you doing yeah they hired you
for your talent right ya know what do I
mean to ask him follow up how are you
doing oh good really why you haven't
been out you're ever in it we have to
interview the Rhinos oh ok ok so you're
just as a courtesy thing really why you
know what you got Billy we got Billy com
yeah do they go how they said Jimmy toys
are coming I think I thought this wasn't
about you yeah ok move on I don't know
what about skin wow I love a drink a
blank ask him what he thinks about the
new aluminum frame lightweight Y Z 2 30
oh yeah Chuck dessert is easy cooperate
question of what terrible for Sonny I'm
just proud of you don't like you such a
hard time yeah so China was your own the
trip illustrator it was great had a lot
of fun gonna hang out my family haven't
been back there for longer than two
weeks since i moved to europe in 2001 so
this is good time to be able to be back
to promote well why are you know you
decided to go to out to to get ready for
the season just to get away from the rat
race you know it's as far as testing and
training and everything like that i felt
like in a perfect position to back up
and going
someone in Australia as much as you know
how blacks are awesome so it was a lot
to Train yeah and there's a lot of
attention between our Ricky you and
Bubba so I think it was a month for you
two to go in Australia and chain myself
and what do you think about Barbra
coming to the 250 class I think it
should be fun you know a lot of hype
surrounding and has done since 2002 and
and I think next year's get me no
different I just I welcome the new
challenge I think it's going to be a lot
of fun I not be preparing for it and I
think I've have a great program to take
him on it and great team great people
around me so on the photo obviously you
the best sex writer right now I counted
you you won 16 races at the last 22
what's your plan for NM one are you
going to go out there just to kill
everybody or just to just to check the
competition no I think everybody goes to
an item 12 to show up and put a put your
cards on the table i'm trying to do as
good as possible I think you know I
think we can we can certainly do as best
we can to lose the championship there
but we definitely can't win it so I
think just be consistent be you know in
a great position to be able to you know
challenge believe maybe get a win and
most of all win the title at the end
here so I heard you're going to arrive
with different gears the show are you
going to surprise us with some crazy
stuff I'm looking forward to it sir you
know i love the team i love the blue and
white but 24-7 gets a little boring so
it's nice to change it up and i'll be in
color and you be blue and whites how's
that feel perfect all right no yeah but
you know I've congratulate you because
you are obviously you you have a strong
position but it was great for you to
bring some clothes in the team yeah
we are I think changing the culprit
Keller a big deal and they got new
Andrew present we made a big difference
thank you cool i think that's the city
us and wish you an a.1 really good job
good job thank